Hi
Today I'm here to do it.
third video here of the series of three
on how to win back a man
different situations
are 60 in the first video with reconquest
before having a relationship
a second video as you reconquer
when you are inside a
relationship within marriage and
Now I'll talk a little about how you
Conquer a man when you're done.
the relationship with him
after that you want to return the
relationship we will start from the idea of
that you have relationship with your
boyfriend
Finally I was confused I was not sure
depending on whether another man is
motivated or not the fact here you lost
interest in the
You ended the relationship only.
after a month you finally start after a
time you begin to realize that you
really liked that man or
that the values ​​that
you seeing now value more but
The important thing is that you want to
relationship with him is that you will
to win back a person you
let's say she had
expectations and you do not know if she is
more involved is leaving for another
Let's not tell what you've been through.
spent some time and you want
know a way to reconnect with a
Your Ex Boyfriend Is That You Do It If
he is not involved with anyone yet
you can just restart the communication
I do not find it interesting
see if you're really determined
I regret everything in August, I think
It was precocious, you should tell him that.
At least they were not even in the club.
word at that time was confusing
the ideas here and there matured
everything I do not put it like faults or
because I did not go was your decision but
Do you want to get that decision back then?
will have to give a reason after all he has
expectations he does not know more if you
like him not what if in his head
probably will not be like that
In that time she changed so she would not have
finished
Anyway, but you can explain all this.
for him to say that you were confused
which was an act of his precocious but that
you nowadays more than you do not have
sure that's what you really are going
be feeling and you guys point at
situation for him
probably it will not be theirs
in this first contact until the second
after thirds and surveys say that
major negatives in the reconquest
when you want to resume the
relationship was terminated are you
insist on that moment that is you have
a frank conversation with them therefore
Do not be afraid to speak to
truth to him fixed ending saying
That was biota that will only make your
situation including in his vision
So do not do this wrong, changed from
Idea, no problem, nothing wrong.
in that
It is logical that the relationship has ended
thing in a normal way, right?
I have felt any other kind of influence
You 're going to expose all this to him.
probably he will not accept this
at first because he in his head with
sure he was redoing everything he
there was why he was creating for him
plans was with the involvement of
suddenly he was taken by surprise and
ended a relationship with
he got loose lost time it will
talking never talking about coming back
relationship turned to love as your
partner is no longer 111 the only decision you
decided to explain why you want and
you want to do projects with him and
ready a talk about it later
I'm more into this subject
is also one conversation has to take
this conversation over time is sure to
He really likes you.
it will gradually give way and it will
aligning with you again will see you
will again have a relationship I have
I spoke to once on the issue already
ask me I answered but I will speak
again the second that the question of
flashback
but he only wants a flashback when
lonely sheep that flashback
So you can give me I do not indicate that
you have a relationship he knows what you
as the girlfriend that they most
I liked that it was a company to go
see giving baby example and go out to
to have sex
so this is perfect for him he will
have all this is no commitment then
it will be in the very account situation
In this situation I did not really indicate
you take it this way unless you
You are very sure that it will be
only this will not influence anything else
if it is a constant conduct, it may have a
way that will not have more votes and
will you be able to have his love with
You're going to have only you common does not pass.
time but a person he wants alone
kill some wills and do not want the burden
none
a relationship and all this I think
What you can do is make
win back your was your boyfriend to
her husband
I close here the sequence of three
videos and I really enjoyed doing good with
sure will i make others and like me
I said earlier this is all
result of emails and comments that
I received from you and managed to align everything
to really be more accurate
did not sing wanting to help continue
sending the comments sign up for the
your channel on youtube
short my facebook page and
blog you have all the content there and you
will be following everything I am
posting then this is hopefully helping
A kiss and until next time